Title:
    Jarod Spencer
    Section B (9am)
    Pulling Calculator

Problem Description:
       This program determines the optimal velocity and angle of a disc when
    it leaves a puller’s hand so that it travels a certain distance given the
    current day's wind data, including the wind speed, directional angle, and
    angle of inclination. A user will enter the input file, current wind speed
    the left/right wind direction, and the angle of inclination of the wind.
    The left- or right-handedness of a player and the distance they want it
    to travel will be taken in from a file containing a list of players and
    these quantities specific to each player. The program then performs the
    calculations for each player and write the results to an output file.
    (Note: pulling is the term used to describe a “kickoff” in an Ultimate
    Frisbee game. The puller throws the disc to the opposing team just like a
    kickoff in football.)

Program Documentation:
       First, the user will enter the name of their txt file, including the .txt
    file type. Next they will enter the current day's wind data, all double values,
    first the speed, then the directional angle, then the angle of inclination.
    The directional wind angle is measured as an angle from -180 to 180 degrees
    with 0 being directly away from the players. The wind inclination angle is
    measured as an angle from 0 to 89 degrees with respect to the plane of the ground.
    Lastly, the user will enter the name they desire for the output file.
       If another programmer were to extend this program, I would suggest that they
    incorporate a player's strength as well into the calculations. Specifically,
    a function, or set of functions, that would determine the maximum velocity that
    a player could throw the disc at given their arm strength and whether or not
    they could actually pull the disc their desired distance. Additionally, a
    programmer could write more complicated, but more accurate, velocity, disc angle,
    and launch angle calculation functions.

Tests:
    - Program was tested with "normal" values for wind data (speed < 20, angle between
        -180 and +180, and inclination between -10 and 10). Program operated perfectly
        every time.
    - Edge case: while in real life, the angle of inclination of the wind at the Earth's
        surface will rarely be less than -10 or greater than +10, program was tested
        with a wind inclination angle of 89 degrees (90 is not physically possible).
        Program operated perfectly.
    - Edge case: tested for the possibility that a user could enter an angle that is
        greater than 180 or less than -180, such as 360. Program converted angle to be
        within desired range and ran wonderfully.
    - Edge case: as an Ultimate Frisbee field is only 120 yards long, a real-life puller
        will never desire to pull the disc farther than this. However, program was
        tested with the case of 200 yards and operated flawlessly.
    - Also tested program with an invalid input file. Program accurately reported an
        error in the file and exited program.

Reflections:
       In writing this program, I learned several things. First, I should more clearly
    plan out how my functions will relate to each other and what I will need to call in
    main before I begin coding. Not doing these two things well enough beforehand made
    the entire process take quite a bit longer than it should have. I also learned how
    helpful classes are. Prior to this project, I believed I could get by by always
    passing in the necessary variables to a given function. Using classes relieves you
    of having to pass variable quite as often due to classes having those variables as
    private data members. I actually quite enjoyed making this program. While the algebra
    of the data calculations was simple enough, putting it all together and debugging
    the program was quite challenging but also entertaining.